Update examples for SRC (#11)
airplanedev/examples: README.md

This repo contains various examples that showcase how you can use Airplane.

To get started, sign up for an account at
[app.airplane.dev](https://app.airplane.dev).

> ## Init

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get started
```

> You can clone any of the examples in this repo using the Airplane CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy any of these tasks to Airplane using the CLI. Install the CLI by [following these instructions](https://github.com/airplanedev/cli#installation).
```

First, install the CLI using the [instructions
here](https://github.com/airplanedev/cli#installation).

> Then, initialize any example by its `*.task.yaml` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can copy a specific example to your computer with the CLI. Pass a reference to one of the `task.yaml` files:
```

```sh
airplane init --from-example
github.com/airplanedev/examples/python/hello-world/python_hello_world.task.yaml
```

> This will copy all the relevant files for the task into your local directory.
> You can modify these files and deploy them to Airplane using `airplane deploy`.

Reviewer: Let's provide explicit deployment instructions:

```suggestion
You can make changes to this task and test it locally:

airplane dev ./python_hello_world.task.yaml

Once you are ready to deploy this task, run:

airplane deploy ./python_hello_world.task.yaml
```

Author: hmm so `dev` still requires the task to be deployed, even if you're running it from a defn file right now. This can probably be tweaked...
